## Privacy notice


Thank you for visiting the Oeko-Institut website and taking an interest in our work. We take the protection of your personal data very seriously. This Privacy Statement explains what personal information we collect during your visit to our website and what it is used for.


### Collection and processing of personal data

In order to provide you with the best possible experience of our website, we use web analytics to help us understand how visitors use it. We therefore collect and store information, in compliance with Article 6(1)(f) GDPR, using [Matomo](https://www.matomo.org) open-source software provided by InnoCraft Ltd., 150 Willis St, 6011 Wellington, New Zealand. This software uses cookies. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer and saved by your browser when you visit a website. We use Matomo’s anonymisation function (Anonymize IP plug-in), which masks part of the visitor IP. The information collected by the Matomo software is processed on our servers.

The anonymised information generated by the cookies is not used to identify you personally, nor is it used to track your Internet activity. It is not merged with personal data from other sources and cannot be used to create a user profile.

If you do not wish the data relating to your visit to be stored and analysed, you may opt out at any time. Simply click the button and an opt-out cookie will be placed on your browser. Opting out means that Matomo may not collect data during your visit. You should be aware that if you delete all cookies, your opt-out will not be saved and you will need to opt out again on future visits to our website.

It is your choice whether a web analytics cookie is placed on your browser to allow the operator of the website to collect and analyse some of your data for statistical purposes.

If you wish to opt out, please delete the tick in the box below and the Matomo "disable" cookie will be placed on your browser.

<a href="https://www.oeko.de/pwstat/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut&language=en&backgroundColor=DCE2E7&fontColor=&fontSize=14px&fontFamily=Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif" target="_blank">Link to opt out settings</a>

### Security

The Oeko-Institut takes all the necessary technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against loss or misuse. Users who contact the Oeko-Institut by e-mail are made aware that the confidentiality of information contained in non-encrypted e-mails cannot be guaranteed.


### Your rights

You can contact us at any time to request information about your stored data. If the personal information we hold is inaccurate, you may ask for it to be corrected. You may also withhold consent to the use of your data or ask for it to be deleted. We will notify you if your personal information is affected by a data leak or a breakdown in data security. You may also file a complaint with the regulator ([State Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information for Baden-Württemberg](https://www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de/)).

### Amendment of the Privacy Statement

We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Statement at any time, should this become necessary in light of new technological developments or changes in the law.
Visitors to our website and all interested persons can obtain further information about data protection at the Oeko-Institut from:

Silvia Schütte Schütte  
Data Protection Officer, Oeko-Institut e.V.  
Darmstadt Office  
Phone +49 6151 8191-134  
Fax +49 6151 8191-133  
Email: [datenschutz@oeko.de](mailto:datenschutz@oeko.de) 
